Publish 1.9.2 (#9374)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/releases/1.9.x/announcing-1.9.2/index.md

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.9.2
linktitle: 1.9.2
subtitle: Patch Release
description: Istio 1.9.2 patch release.
publishdate: 2021-03-23
release: 1.9.2
aliases:
    - /news/announcing-1.9.2
---

This release note describes what’s different between Istio 1.9.1 and Istio 1.9.2.

{{< relnote >}}

## Changes

> - **Fixed** transport socket parameters are now taken into account when configured in `EnvoyFilter`

Reviewer: Grammer nit. 

```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue so transport socket parameters are now taken into account when configured in `EnvoyFilter`
```

  ([Issue #28996](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/28996))

- **Fixed** a bug causing runaway logs in `istiod` after disabling the default ingress controller.
  ([Issue #31336](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/31336))

> - **Fixed** the Kubernetes API server is now considered to be cluster-local by default. This means that any

Reviewer: Grammer nit:

```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue so the Kubernetes API server is now considered to be cluster-local by default. This means that any
```

pod attempting to reach `kubernetes.default.svc` will always be directed to the in-cluster server.
  ([Issue #31340](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/31340))

> - **Fixed** issue with metadata handling for Azure platform. Support added for
> `tagsList` serialization of tags on instance metadata.

Reviewer: Grammer nit. It also seems like an issue was fixed and also support was added. Maybe need to combine the two sentences.

```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue with metadata handling for the Azure platform, allowing
`tagsList` serialization of tags on instance metadata.
```
